RULES STATUE BOOK:
------------------------------------

1: NO GRIEFING, NO STEALING
If something is not yours and not public, you better don't touch it even it is unprotected. Player who are giving free stuff for helping, please put a sign on it. If something is found just lying around in  the middle of nowhere; unprotected and don't belong to anyone, you mail or ask to tm3/juli if you can take those stuff.

2: NO SPAMMING IN THE MAP OR IN CHAT
> Don't put blocks anywhere in the map. 

> No cursing, swearing or bad language. You can joke around with other players if they are interested to talk. Don't disturb everyone. 

> Don't spam the chat with same message again and again (That will result in a straight ban).

3: BUILDING RULES:
> Leave a gap of 100 blocks between your buildings/home and the building of other people, except upon mutual agreement with player to build near them. 

> Keep a 100m distance from SPAWN boundary in any direction. Infact, no need for building near here anywhere. It's just like a base, because you can come here anytime with a simple "/spawn" command. You are supposed to move further and explore. There are building areas like Juli's Martian Village, Public Building areas where you can find nice, flat areas to build. Most player will help you find an area. If you face difficulty in finding a proper area to build you may ask tm3/juli. They will be happy to help. :)

> No crossing the world limit of 10k in any direction horizontally. Downwards till you hit bedrock (No limit) . Upwards only upto 2k. If a supervisor finds anything beyond this world limit, he/she will remove it without any further notice.

>  Areas Banned for Building home or quarry or garden or machines  etc.: Alien Hunting Zone, Public Mine recharge repair station FAR1. If supervisor find any one within 1000m (YES, REPEATING 1000M IN ANY DIRECTION, 10k DOWNWARDS TOO FOR PUBLIC MINE FAR1 STATION) near these 2 areas, he/she is liable for a week ban and all stuff build there will be destroyed without any notice. There are lot of beautiful areas to build together and alone. You can build a temporary shelter while alien hunting or mining but don't forget to drop a mail to tm3 about the shelter and it's location (you can find your location by pressing F5).  Please wind up your temporary shelter after work is done.

> You can dig / mine below your home directly or in any big and deep canyons like area (yes there are a lot of those, you will find them once you start exploring). For starters, we suggest digging in public mine, because it's easy to go to different level directly there via elevators plus you will be able to process all your ingots in technic machines and repair or recharge your tools in there. Now, that area got 2 wifi chest too.

NOTE: Check the teleport room below air chamber to go to these public areas and some other players areas too.

4. NO KILLING OR GET BANNED
PvP is not allowed yet. May be we will allow it in future but in Arenas only for testing and having fun with other players. 

5. NO DATING.
This is a game. You do understand that. right??

If you don't follow the RULES the Moderators/Supervisors can BAN you or REMOVE your house
or some other things depending on what you have done.

See Also: [Moderators] [Main]
